-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 NUwGaqI6kT5Se70HeRJiZEJfNIhdBYQqt9tko6KacdzCUW/cq+RJ6esfebDRK1rq
 0KsYsbdFfrNJ2K3S2LKVgQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000913665-01-500031.txt : 20010627
<SEC-HEADER>0000913665-01-500031.hdr.sgml : 20010627
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000913665-01-500031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	SC 13D
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010524

SUBJECT COMPANY:	

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RARE MEDIUM GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000756502
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				232368845
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC 13D
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	005-36742
		FILM NUMBER:		1647363

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		565 FIFTH AVE
		STREET 2:		29TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2128836940

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		565 FIFTH AVE
		STREET 2:		29TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ICC TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERNATIONAL COGENERATION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19891005

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOTIENT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000913665
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		IRS NUMBER:				930976127
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC 13D

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10802 PARKRIDGE BLVD
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20191-5416
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7037586000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10802 PARKRIDGE BLVD
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20191-5416

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN MOBILE SATELLITE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931019
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>SC 13D
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form13d_52401.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SCHEDULE 13D RARE MEDIUM GROUP, INC.
<TEXT>



                                                                    OMB APPROVAL
                                                           OMB Number: 3235-0145
                                                        Expires: August 31, 1999
                                                        Estimated average burden
                                                         hours per form....14.90


================================================================================




                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


                                  SCHEDULE 13D

                    Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                             RARE MEDIUM GROUP, INC.
                                (Name of Issuer)

                                  Common Stock,
                            Par Value $.01 Per Share
                         (Title of Class and Securities)

                                    449238203
                      (CUSIP Number of Class of Securities)

                               David Engvall, Esq.
                               Motient Corporation
                            10802 Parkridge Boulevard
                              Reston, VA 20191-5416
                                 (703) 758-6000


            (Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person Authorized
                     to Receive Notices and Communications)

                                  May 14, 2001

             (Date of Event Which Requires Filing of This Statement)

       If the filing person has previously filed a statement on Schedule 13G to
       report the acquisition which is the subject of this Statement because of
       Rule 13d-1(b)(3) or (4), check the following: ( ) Check the following box
       if a fee is being paid with this Statement: ( )


<PAGE>
                                  SCHEDULE 13D

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CUSIP No.  449238203                                              13D - Page 2
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>        <C>



1          NAME OF REPORTING PERSON
           S.S. OR I.R.S. IDENTIFICATION NO. OF ABOVE PERSON
           Motient Corporation
           93-0976127
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2          CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER OF A GROUP
                                                                         (a)|_|
                                                                         (b)|_|
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3          SEC USE ONLY
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4          SOURCE OF FUNDS           OO
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5          CHECK BOX IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT TO
           ITEMS 2(d) or 2(e)   |_|
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6          CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF ORGANIZATION

           Delaware
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           7            SOLE VOTING POWER:                0
        NUMBER OF
          SHARES        --------------------------------------------------------
       BENEFICIALLY
         OWNED BY          8            SHARED VOTING POWER:     26,940,499*
           EACH
        REPORTING       --------------------------------------------------------
          PERSON
           WITH            9            SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER:           0

                        --------------------------------------------------------

                          10            SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER:         0
                        --------------------------------------------------------
11
           AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON
           26,940,499*
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
12         CHECK BOX IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW (11)
           EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES     |_|
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
13         PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT IN ROW (11)

           34.6%*
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

14         TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

*Of this amount, 14,231,001 shares relate to the Reporting Person's voting power
over shars of the issuer's Series A convertible  preferred stock, which votes on
an as-converted basis with the issuer's common stock.
<PAGE>


                                                                3 of 9

     This statement on Schedule 13d is being filed pursuant to Rule 13d-1 of the
Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Act") by Motient Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Motient"),  with respect
to the  common  stock,  par value $.01 per share  (the  "Common  Stock") of Rare
Medium Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").

Item 1.  Security and Issuer.
         -------------------

     This  Schedule 13D relates to the Common Stock of the Company.  The address
of the  principal  executive  office of the  Company is 565 Fifth  Avenue,  29th
Floor, New York, New York 10017.

Item 2.  Identity and Background.
         -----------------------

     Pursuant  to Rule  13d-l of  Regulation  13D-G  of the  General  Rules  and
Regulations  under the Act,  this  statement is being filed on behalf of Motient
Corporation, a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.

     Motient hereby disclaims  beneficial  ownership of any shares of the Common
Stock which may be voted by Motient,  and the filing of this statement shall not
be construed as an admission  that Motient is, for purposes of Section  13(d) of
the Act, the beneficial owner of any such shares of Common Stock.

     Motient is a provider of wireless  data,  dispatch and voice  communication
services.  The principal  business address of Motient,  which also serves as its
principal executive office, is 10802 Parkridge Boulevard, Reston, VA 20191-5416.
Information  with respect to the executive  officers and directors of Motient is
set forth on Schedule I attached hereto.

     Neither Motient nor, to Motient's knowledge, any of its executive officers,
controlling persons or directors,  including,  without  limitation,  the persons
identified on Schedule I hereto,  has, during the last five years, (i) ever been
convicted in a criminal  proceeding  (excluding  traffic  violations  or similar
misdemeanors)  or (ii)  been a party  to a civil  proceeding  of a  judicial  or
administrative body of competent jurisdiction and as a result of such proceeding
was or is  subject  to a  judgment,  decree  or  final  order  enjoining  future
violations  of, or prohibiting  or mandating  activities  subject to, federal or
state securities laws or finding any violation with respect to such laws.

     All persons listed on Schedule I hereto are citizens of the United States.

Item 3.  Source and Amount of Funds or Other Consideration

     Pursuant to the Voting Agreements, dated as of May 14, 2001, (collectively,
the "Rare Medium  Stockholder  Voting  Agreements")  between  Motient and Apollo
Investment  Fund IV,  L.P.  ("Apollo  Fund IV"),  Motient  and  Apollo  Overseas
Partners IV, L.P.

<PAGE>


                                                                4 of 9


     ("Apollo  Overseas") and Motient and AIF IV/RRRR L.L.C.  ("AIF IV") (Apollo
Fund IV, Apollo  Overseas and AIF IV are referred to  collectively  as the "Rare
Medium  Stockholders"),  the Rare  Medium  Stockholders  have agreed to vote all
shares of Company Common Stock and the Series A Convertible  Preferred  Stock of
the Company (the  "Preferred  Stock") to which they have has a right to vote, in
favor of the  transactions  contemplated  by the  Agreement  and Plan of Merger,
dated as of May 14, 2001,  by and among  Motient,  a wholly owned  subsidiary of
Motient (the "Merger Sub") and the Company, as amended (the "Merger Agreement").
The Rare  Medium  Stockholders  have  delivered  to  Motient,  or  caused  to be
delivered  to Motient,  irrevocable  proxies to vote all of the Common Stock and
Preferred  Stock in favor of the approval  and adoption of the Merger  Agreement
and the approval of the merger contemplated thereby, and in favor of each of the
other  actions  contemplated  by the Merger  Agreement.  As of May 14, 2001,  to
Motient's  knowledge,  the Rare  Medium  Stockholders  had the right to vote the
shares set forth below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Rare Medium Stockholder

Stockholder                 Common Shares                 Preferred Shares
- ------------                -------------                 ----------------
<S>                          <C>                              <C>
Apollo Fund IV               9,733,445                        762,909
Apollo Overseas                522,009                         40,913
AIF IV                       2,454,045                        192,346
</TABLE>

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In addition, to Motient's knowledge, the Rare Medium Stockholders have the right
to acquire an  additional  12,991,501  shares of common  stock  pursuant  to the
exercise of warrants.  However,  the Rare Medium Stockholders have agreed not to
exercise such  warrants  under the terms of the Rare Medium  Stockholder  Voting
Agreements.

Item 4.  Purpose of Transaction.
         ----------------------

     (a)-(b) The Rare Medium  Stockholder Voting Agreements were entered into in
connection  with the Merger  Agreement.  The purpose of  entering  into the Rare
Medium  Stockholder  Voting  Agreements  was to facilitate  consummation  of the
merger of a wholly  owned  subsidiary  of Motient with and into the Company (the
"Merger") and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

     Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and upon  consummation of the
Merger, among other things:

               (i) Each share of Common Stock  outstanding  immediately prior to
               the effective time of the Merger (the  "Effective  Time") will be
               exchanged  for 0.1  share of a new  series of  Motient  preferred
               stock ("Motient  Series A Preferred  Stock").  As a result of the
               Merger,  the Company  will become a wholly  owned  subsidiary  of
               Motient.

               (ii) At the closing of the Merger,  the Rare Medium  Stockholders
               will  purchase  outstanding  commitments,  and will replace Baron
               Capital Partners,  L.P. and Singapore  Telecommunications Ltd. as
               guarantors, under  Motient's   revolving  credit  facility.   The
               purchase  price of these  outstanding  loans and  commitments  is
               approximately $13 million,  and the Rare Medium Stockholders will
               receive an offsetting cash payment in that amount at the close of
               the merger.

<PAGE>
                                                                5 of 9

               (iii) All shares of Preferred  Stock, at the Effective Time, will
               then be exchanged  for nine million  shares of common stock of XM
               Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. (the "XM Shares") owned by Motient,
               and a note (the "Deficiency Note") from Motient with an aggregate
               principal  amount equal to the difference,  if any,  between $115
               million  and the sum of (x) the market  value of the XM Shares at
               the  Effective  Time and (y) the purchase  price of the loans and
               commitments described in (ii) above.

               (iv) Each  outstanding and unexercised  option to purchase Common
               Stock under the Company's stock option plans (a "Company Option")
               will be replaced by an option to purchase the number of shares of
               Motient  Series A  Preferred  Stock  equal to the  product of (a)
               one-tenth and (b) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to
               such Company Option,  at an exercise price per share equal to (x)
               the product of the shares of Common Stock subject to such Company
               Option and the exercise  price per share of such Company  Option,
               divided by (y) the number of shares of Motient Series A Preferred
               Stock deemed to be purchasable pursuant to such Company Option.

               (v) Each outstanding warrant to purchase Common Stock (a "Company
               Warrant")  will become a warrant to purchase the number of shares
               of  Motient  non-voting   preferred  stock  ("Motient  Non-Voting
               Preferred  Stock")  equal to the product of (a) one-tenth and (b)
               the  number of shares of Common  Stock  subject  to such  Company
               Warrant,  at an exercise price per share equal to (x) the product
               of the shares of Company  Common  Stock  subject to such  Company
               Warrant and the exercise price per share of such Company Warrant,
               divided  by (y)  the  number  of  shares  of  Motient  Non-Voting
               Preferred Stock deemed to be purchasable pursuant to such Company
               Warrant.  The terms of the Motient  Series A Preferred  Stock and
               Motient Non-Voting  Preferred Stock will be identical except that
               Motient Non-Voting Preferred Stock will have no voting rights and
               the  Motient  Non-Voting  Preferred  Stock  is  convertible  into
               Motient  Voting  Preferred  Stock if  transferred  to a person or
               entity that is not an affiliate of Apollo Management, L.P.

                         (c)  Except  as  contemplated  in  connection  with the
                    Merger, not applicable.

                         (d) Upon the completion of the Merger, the directors of
                    the Company shall consist of the directors of the Merger Sub
                    immediately  prior to the  completion  of the Merger and the
                    officers of the Company shall consist of the officers of the
                    Company immediately prior to completion of the Merger.

                         (e) Other than as a result of the Merger  described  in
                    Item 4(a)-(b) above, not applicable.

                         (f)  Except  as  contemplated  in  connection  with the
                    Merger, not applicable.

                         (g) Upon  completion of the Merger,  the certificate of
                    incorporation of the Company will be amended and restated to
                    read as nearly as practicable the same as the certificate of
                    incorporation of the Merger Sub, except that the name of the
                    surviving corporation shall be "Rare Medium Group, Inc."
<PAGE>
                                                                6 of 9

                         (h)-(i)  If the Merger is  completed  as  planned,  the
                    Common Stock shall be deregistered  under the Securities Act
                    of 1934 and delisted from The Nasdaq Stock Market's National
                    Market.

                         (j)  Except  as  contemplated  in  connection  with the
                    Merger, not applicable.

     The foregoing  description  of the Merger  Agreement does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger  Agreement,
a copy of  which  has been  filed  as an  exhibit  to this  Schedule  13D and is
incorporated herein by reference.



Item 5.  Interest in the Securities of the Issuer.
         ----------------------------------------


     The  aggregate  number of shares of the Common  Stock that  Motient  may be
deemed to share  the  power to vote or to  direct  the vote of (and as a result,
may,  under Rule 13d-3  under the Act,  be deemed  the  beneficial  owner of) is
26,940,499,  which constitutes  approximately  34.6% of the 63,667,797 shares of
such Common Stock  outstanding as of May 10, 2001, as disclosed in the Company's
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated May 15, 2001 for the quarter ended March 31,
2001 giving effect to the vote on an as-converted basis of the 996,171 shares of
Preferred  Stock Motient has the power to vote as well as the  14.2857:1  Common
Stock to Preferred Stock conversion ratio. However, Motient disclaims beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock.

     Other than with respect to the voting rights  described in response to Item
3 above and Item 6 below, Motient possesses no powers, rights or privileges with
respect to the Common  Stock.  All other  powers,  rights  and  privileges  with
respect to the Common Stock remain with the Rare Medium Preferred  Stockholders,
including the right to vote on all matters  unrelated to the Merger,  as well as
the right to receive and the power to direct the receipt of dividends  from, and
the proceeds from the sale of, such securities.

     To  Motient's  knowledge,  none of the persons  listed on Schedule I hereto
beneficially own any shares of Common Stock.

     Except as described  herein,  neither Motient nor, to Motient's  knowledge,
the persons  listed on Schedule I hereto,  have  engaged,  within the last sixty
(60) days, in any transactions involving the Common Stock.

Item 6.           Contracts, Arrangements, Understandings or Relationships with
                  Respect to Securities of the Issuer.
                  -------------------------------------------------------------

     Other than the Rare  Medium  Stockholder  Voting  Agreements,  the  proxies
granted pursuant  thereto and the Merger Agreement  (described in Item 4), there
are no contracts,  understandings, or relationships (legal or otherwise) between

<PAGE>
                                                                    7 of 9


the persons  named in Item 2 hereof and any other person or persons with respect
to any  securities  of the  Company,  including  but not  limited to transfer or
voting of any of the Common  Stock or  Preferred  Stock,  finder's  fees,  joint
ventures,  loan or option  arrangements,  put or calls,  guarantees  of profits,
division of profits or loss, or the giving or withholding of proxies.

     Under  the terms  and  conditions  of the Rare  Medium  Stockholder  Voting
Agreements,  the Rare Medium  Stockholders  have agreed to not:  (a) directly or
indirectly sell,  transfer,  pledge,  encumber (other than by operation of law),
assign or otherwise  dispose of  (collectively,  "Transfer"),  or enter into any
contract,  option or other  arrangement  or  understanding  with  respect to the
Transfer of any of the shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock (the "Shares"),
except to the  extent (i) such  Transfer  is  approved  in advance in writing by
Motient or (ii) the  transferee  of the Shares,  prior to and as a condition  to
such  Transfer,  executes and delivers to Motient an agreement in  substantially
the form of the  Rare  Medium  Stockholder  Voting  Agreements;  (b)  grant  any
proxies, deposit any Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement
with  respect to any Shares;  or (c) take any action which would have the effect
of preventing or inhibiting the Rare Medium  Stockholders  from performing their
obligations under the Rare Medium Stockholder Voting Agreements.

     Furthermore,  under the terms and conditions of the Rare Medium Stockholder
Voting Agreements,  the Rare Medium Stockholders have agreed that they shall not
directly or indirectly, and shall direct and use their best efforts to cause the
Company,  each subsidiary of the Company and the  representatives of the Company
and its  subsidiaries not to: (a) initiate,  solicit or encourage  (including by
way of  furnishing  information  or  assistance),  or take any  other  action to
facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes, or may
reasonably be expected to lead to, any Competing  Transaction (as defined in the
Merger  Agreement)  for the  Company,  or (b) enter into or  participate  in any
discussions or negotiations  with any person  regarding a Competing  Transaction
for the Company, or furnish to any person any information  regarding a Competing
Transaction for the Company, or take any other action to facilitate or cooperate
with the making of any inquiry or proposal regarding a Competing Transaction for
the Company;  or (c) agree to approve or endorse any Competing  Transaction  for
the Company.  The Rare Medium  Stockholders have also agreed to vote against any
Competing Transaction.
<PAGE>
                                                                8 of 9

     Furthermore,  the Rare Medium  Stockholders  agreed that during the term of
each  of the  Rare  Medium  Stockholders  Voting  Agreements,  the  Rare  Medium
Stockholders shall not (i) convert or otherwise exchange any shares of Preferred
Stock held by any Rare Medium  Stockholder  (and any shares  which are  acquired
subsequent  to May 14, 2001) into shares of Common Stock,  (ii)  exercise  their
rights to purchase  shares of Common Stock  pursuant to any warrants to purchase
Common Stock held by any Rare Medium Stockholder (and any such warrants acquired
subsequent to May 14, 2001) or (iii) purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of
Common Stock.

     Furthermore,  the Rare Medium  Stockholders agreed that, during the term of
the Rare Medium Stockholder  Voting  Agreements,  they would not exercise any of
their  rights  under  Section 5  (Optional  Redemption)  of Article  Four of the
restated  certificate  of  Incorporation  of  the  Company,  including,  without
limitation,  their right to elect that the Company  redeem  shares of  Preferred
Stock for cash in the event of a change of control.

     Furthermore,  the Rare Medium Stockholders acknowledged and agreed that the
Company  Warrants (as defined in the Merger  Agreement) held by each Rare Medium
Stockholder  shall be  assumed  by  Motient  and  become  warrants  to  purchase
Motient's Series A Non-Voting Preferred Stock in accordance with Section 2.05 of
the Merger Agreement. The Rare Medium Stockholders  acknowledged the obligations
of the New Lenders (as defined in the Merger  Agreement)  under  Section 2.06 of
the Merger  Agreement,  and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the
Merger Agreement, the Rare Medium Stockholders agreed to perform, or cause their
affiliates or designees to perform,  as the case may be, the  obligations of the
New Lenders under Section 2.06 of the Merger Agreement.

     The foregoing descriptions of the Rare Medium Stockholder Voting Agreements
do not purport to be complete and are  qualified in their  entirety by reference
to the Rare Medium Stockholder  Voting  Agreements,  a copy of each of which has
been filed as an  exhibit to this  Schedule  13D and is  incorporated  herein by
reference.

Item 7.  Material to be Filed as Exhibits.
         --------------------------------

Exhibit 1      Agreement  and Plan of Merger,  dated as of May 14, 2001,  by and
               among Motient, Merger Sub and the Company.*

Exhibit 2      Voting Agreement,  dated as of May 14, 2001,  between Motient and
               Apollo Investment Fund IV, L.P.

Exhibit 3      Voting Agreement,  dated as of May 14, 2001,  between Motient and
               Apollo Overseas Partners IV, L.P.

Exhibit 4      Voting Agreement,  dated as of May 14, 2001,  between Motient and
               AIF IV/RRRR L.L.C.


*Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K/A filed by Motient on May 15, 2001



<PAGE>
                                                                9 of 9

                                    SIGNATURE

     After  reasonable  inquiry and to the best of my  knowledge  and belief,  I
certify that the information  set forth in this statement is true,  complete and
correct.

Dated: May 24, 2001


                                          MOTIENT CORPORATION


                              By: /s/David H. Engvall
                                 -----------------------------------------------
                                 Name:   David H. Engvall
                                 Title:  Vice President and General Counsel



<PAGE>

                                      Schedule I

DIRECTORS OF MOTIENT

                                          Present Principal
Name and Business Address                 Occupation or Employment
- -------------------------                 ------------------------

Billy J. Parrott                          President and Chief Executive Officer,
Antifire, Inc.                            Antifire, Inc.
276 Fifth Avenue
Suite 301
New York, NY  10001

Gary M. Parsons                           Chairman of the Board of Directors,
Motient Corporation                       Motient Corporation
10802 Parkridge Boulevard
Reston, VA 20191

Walter V. Purnell, Jr.                    President and Chief Executive Officer,
Motient Corporation                       Motient Corporation
10802 Parkridge Boulevard
Reston, VA  20191

Andrew A. Quartner                        Corporate Counsel,
XO Communications, Inc.                   XO Communications, Inc.
1730 Rhode Island Avenue, N.W.

Jack A. Shaw                              Senior Executive Vice President,
Hughes Electronics Corporation            Hughes Electronics Corporation
200 N. Sepulveda Boulevard
El Segundo, CA  90024

Jonelle St. John                          Director
40653 Shady Creek Court
Leesburg, Virginia  20175




<PAGE>



EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF MOTIENT

Name and Business Address             Present Principal Occupation or Employment
(all business addresses are:          (all with Motient Corporation)
- ----------------------------          ------------------------------------------
Motient Corporation
10802 Parkridge Boulevard
Reston, VA  20191)

David H. Engvall                      Vice President and General Counsel

Dennis W. Matheson                    Senior Vice President and
                                      Chief Technical Officer

Gary M. Parsons                       Chairman of the Board

Walter V. Purnell, Jr.                President and Chief Executive Officer

W. Bartlett Snell                     Senior Vice President and
                                      Chief Financial Officer




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-9
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>VOTING AGREEMENT WITH APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND
<TEXT>

                      COMPANY STOCKHOLDER VOTING AGREEMENT
                        (APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND IV, L.P.)

     THIS VOTING  AGREEMENT (this "Voting  Agreement") is entered into as of May
14,  2001  by  and  between   Motient   Corporation,   a  Delaware   corporation
("Acquiror"), and the undersigned stockholder (the "Stockholder") of Rare medium
Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").

     WHEREAS,  pursuant to, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in, that certain  Agreement  and Plan of Merger,  dated as of May 14, 2001
(the  "Merger  Agreement"),   by  and  between  Acquiror,  the  Company  and  MR
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware  corporation and a wholly-owned  subsidiary of the
Acquiror ("Merger Sub"), among other things,  Merger Sub will be merged with and
into the Company  (the  "Merger")  and, as a result of the Merger,  the separate
corporate  existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as
the surviving corporation of the Merger; and

     WHEREAS,  in order to induce  Acquiror to enter into the Merger  Agreement,
the  Stockholder  has agreed to execute  and  deliver to  Acquiror  this  Voting
Agreement;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration of the foregoing and for other good and
valuable  consideration,  the  receipt  and  sufficiency  of  which  are  hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

     1.  Definitions.  Capitalized  terms used and not defined herein shall have
the meanings specified in the Merger Agreement.

     2. Voting;  Grant of Proxy and Further  Assurances.  The Stockholder hereby
irrevocably  agrees,  during  the Term (as  defined  below),  to cast all  votes
attributable  to that  number of  shares of  Company  Common  Stock and  Company
Preferred  Stock as set forth on Annex A hereto and any other such shares  which
are beneficially  owned or hereafter  acquired by the Stockholder and over which
the Stockholder has direct or indirect voting power (the "Shares") at any annual
or special meeting of stockholders of the Company, including any adjournments or
postponements  thereof,  or written  consent of  stockholders in lieu thereof (a
"Meeting"),  in favor of the  approval and adoption of the Merger and the Merger
Agreement   and   against   any   Competing   Transaction   for   the   Company.
Contemporaneously  with  the  execution  of  this  Voting  Agreement,   (a)  the
Stockholder  has  delivered  to  Acquiror a proxy in the form  attached  to this
Voting  Agreement as Exhibit A (a "Proxy"),  which shall be  irrevocable  to the
fullest extent permitted by law and to the extent provided therein (but shall be
subject to termination as set forth herein), with respect to the Shares referred
to therein,  and (b) the  Stockholder  has caused to be delivered to Acquiror an
additional  Proxy  executed  on behalf of the  record  owner of any  outstanding
shares of  Company  Common  Stock and  Company  Preferred  Stock  that are owned
beneficially,  but not of record,  by such  Stockholder,  which  Proxy  shall be
irrevocable  to the fullest extent  permitted by law and to the extent  provided
therein (but shall be subject to termination as set forth herein),  with respect
to the Shares referred to therein.  The Stockholder agrees not to enter into any
agreement or  understanding  the effect of which would be  inconsistent  with or
violative of the provisions and agreements  contained in this Voting  Agreement,
including in this Section 2.

     3.  Restrictions  on Transfer;  Non-Interference.  The  Stockholder  hereby
agrees during the Term not to (a) directly or indirectly sell, transfer, pledge,
encumber  (other  than by  operation  of law),  assign or  otherwise  dispose of
(collectively,  "Transfer"),  or  enter  into  any  contract,  option  or  other
arrangement or understanding  with respect to the Transfer of any of the Shares,
except to the  extent (i) such  Transfer  is  approved  in advance in writing by
Acquiror or (ii) the  transferee  of the Shares,  prior to and as a condition to
such Transfer,  executes and delivers to Acquiror an agreement in  substantially
the form of this Voting  Agreement;  (b) grant any  proxies,  deposit any Shares
into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement with respect to any Shares;
or (c) take any action which would have the effect of  preventing  or inhibiting
the Stockholder from performing the Stockholder's  obligations under this Voting
Agreement.

     4. Covenants  with Respect to the Company.  The  Stockholder  hereby agrees
that during the Term,  the  Stockholder  shall not, and shall direct and use its
best  efforts  to  cause  the  Company,   the  Company   Subsidiaries   and  the
Representatives of the Company and the Company  Subsidiaries not to, directly or
indirectly:  (a) initiate,  solicit or encourage (including by way of furnishing
information  or  assistance),  or take  any  other  action  to  facilitate,  any
inquiries or the making of any proposal that  constitutes,  or may reasonably be
expected to lead to, any  Competing  Transaction  for the Company;  or (b) enter
into or participate in any discussions or negotiations with any Person regarding
a  Competing  Transaction  for  the  Company,  or  furnish  to  any  Person  any
information regarding a Competing Transaction for the Company, or take any other
action to  facilitate  or  cooperate  with the making of any inquiry or proposal
regarding a Competing  Transaction  for the Company;  or (c) agree to approve or
endorse any Competing Transaction for the Company.

     5.  Covenants  with  Respect to XMSR  Common  Stock.  During any Short Sale
Prohibition  Period,  the  Stockholder  shall,  and  shall  cause  each  of  its
affiliates  (as such term is defined in the Merger  Agreement)  to,  comply with
Section  16(c) of the Exchange Act with  respect to  transactions  in XM Class A
Stock to the same extent as if Section 16(c) of the Exchange Act, applied by its
terms  to the  Stockholder.  For  purposes  of this  Section  5, a  "Short  Sale
Prohibition  Period"  means the  period of time  commencing  on the date of this
Voting Agreement and ending at the Termination Time (as defined below).

     6.  Additional  Covenants.  The  Stockholder  hereby agrees that during the
Term, the Stockholder shall not (i) convert or otherwise  exchange any shares of
Preferred  Stock of the  Company  held by the  Stockholder  (and any such shares
which are hereafter  acquired by the Stockholder)  into shares of Company Common
Stock,  (ii)  exercise  its rights to purchase  shares of Company  Common  Stock
pursuant  to  any  warrants  to  purchase  Company  Common  Stock  held  by  the
Stockholder  (and  any  such  warrants  which  are  hereafter  acquired  by  the
Stockholder),  or (iii)  purchase  or  otherwise  acquire  any shares of Company
Common Stock.

     7. Waiver of Optional  Redemption  Rights.  The  Stockholder  hereby agrees
during  the Term not to  exercise  any and all of its  rights  under  Section  5
(Optional   Redemption)  of  Article  Fourth  of  the  Restated  Certificate  of
Incorporation of Company,  including without limitation, its right to elect that
the Company redeem shares of Preferred Stock of the Company for cash.

     8. Warrants;  Obligations of New Lenders. The Stockholder  acknowledges and
agrees that the Company Warrants (as defined in the Merger Agreement) held by it
shall be assumed by Acquiror and become  warrants to purchase  Acquiror Series A
Non-Voting  Preferred  Stock in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05 of the
Merger  Agreement.  The  Stockholder  acknowledges  the  obligations  of the New
Lenders (as defined in the Merger  Agreement)  under  Section 2.06 of the Merger
Agreement,  and  subject  to the terms and  conditions  set forth in the  Merger
Agreement,  the  Stockholder  agrees  to  perform,  or  cause it  affiliates  or
designees  to perform,  as the case may be, the  obligations  of the New Lenders
under Section 2.06 of the Merger Agreement.

     9.  Representations  and Warranties of Stockholder.  The Stockholder hereby
represents and warrants to Acquiror as follows: (a) the Stockholder  understands
that the  Discrepancy  Notes and the XM Class A Stock (the "Merger  Securities")
paid to the  Stockholder as Preferred Stock Merger  Consideration  in the Merger
(i) have not been, and will not be prior to the Effective Time, registered under
the  Securities  Act of 1933, as amended (the  "Securities  Act"),  or any state
securities  laws,  (ii) are being offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from
registration   contained   in  the   Securities   Act   based  in  part  on  the
representations  of the Stockholder  contained in this Agreement,  and (iii) the
Merger  Securities may not be sold unless such  disposition is registered  under
the  Securities  Act and  applicable  state  securities  laws or is exempt  from
registration thereunder;  (b) the Stockholder is acquiring the Merger Securities
for its own account, for investment only and not with a view to the distribution
thereof  within the meaning of the  Securities  Act, (c) the  Stockholder  is an
"Accredited  Investor" (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act), and
(d) the  Stockholder  is  domiciled  in the  State of New  York  and the  Merger
Securities were offered and sold to the  Stockholder  solely in the State of New
York.

     10. Termination of Existing  Agreements.  Subject to and effective upon the
consummation  of the Merger,  the  Stockholders  hereby agree to terminate those
agreements with the Company specified on Exhibit B.

     11.  Authorization;  Binding Obligation.  The Stockholder hereby represents
and warrants to Acquiror that (a) the Stockholder has taken all corporate action
necessary to enter into this Voting Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated  hereby,  (b) the Stockholder owns of record and beneficially  good
and  valid  title  to all  of  the  Shares,  free  and  clear  of  any  and  all
Encumbrances, and (c) this Voting Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by the Stockholder and constitutes a legal,  valid and binding obligation of the
Stockholder,   enforceable  in  accordance  with  its  terms,   except  as  such
enforceability  may be subject  to the  effects  of any  applicable  bankruptcy,
insolvency,  fraudulent conveyance,  reorganization,  moratorium or similar Laws
affecting  creditors'  rights  generally  and  subject to the effects of general
equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

     12. No Conflict. The Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Acquiror
that the execution and delivery of this Voting Agreement by the Stockholder does
not, and the  performance  of the  Stockholder's  obligations  under this Voting
Agreement  will not, (a) conflict with or violate the articles of  incorporation
or other similar organizational documents of the Stockholder,  (b) conflict with
or violate any law, statute,  ordinance,  rule,  regulation,  order, judgment or
decree  applicable to the  Stockholder or by which the Stockholder or any of the
Stockholder's properties is bound or affected, which conflict or violation would
adversely  affect  Stockholder's  ability to perform its obligations  under this
Voting Agreement; or (c) result in any Encumbrance on the Shares, other than the
requirements of this Voting Agreement.

     13.  Understanding of this Voting Agreement.  The Stockholder has carefully
read this Voting Agreement and has discussed its requirements, to the extent the
Stockholder believes necessary, with counsel to the Stockholder. The Stockholder
further  understands that the parties to the Merger Agreement will be proceeding
in reliance upon this Voting Agreement.

     14.  Headings.  The headings of the Sections of this Voting  Agreement  are
inserted for  convenience of reference only and do not form a part or affect the
meaning hereof.

     15.  Counterparts.  This Voting  Agreement may be executed in counterparts,
each of which when so executed and  delivered  shall be an original,  but all of
such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

     16. Entire Agreement; Assignment. This Voting Agreement (a) constitutes the
entire  agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and  understandings,  both
written and oral,  among the parties  hereto with respect to the subject  matter
hereof and (b) shall not be assigned by operation of law or otherwise.

     17. Governing Law. This Voting Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in  accordance  with the laws of the  State of  Delaware  without  regard to any
principles of Delaware conflicts of law.

     18.  Specific  Performance.  The  parties  hereto  agree that if any of the
provisions of this Voting  Agreement are not performed in accordance  with their
specific terms or are otherwise  breached,  irreparable  damage would occur,  no
adequate  remedy at law would exist and damages would be difficult to determine,
and that the parties  shall be entitled  to  specific  performance  of the terms
hereof, in addition to any other remedy at law or equity.

     19.  Jurisdiction.  The  parties  hereto  agree  that any  suit,  action or
proceeding  seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter  arising
out  of or in  connection  with,  this  Voting  Agreement  or  the  transactions
contemplated hereby shall be brought in the United States District Court for the
District of Delaware or any Delaware State court sitting in Wilmington, Delaware
having subject matter  jurisdiction,  and each of the parties hereby consents to
the  exclusive  jurisdiction  of such courts (and of the  appropriate  appellate
courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives,
to the  fullest  extent  permitted  by law,  any  objection  which it may now or
hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding
in any such court or that any such suit,  action or proceeding  which is brought
in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such
suit,  action or  proceeding  may be served on any party  anywhere in the world,
whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court.

     20. Parties in Interest.  This Voting  Agreement  shall be binding upon and
inure  solely to the  benefit of each party  hereto,  and nothing in this Voting
Agreement,  express or implied,  is  intended to or shall  confer upon any other
person or persons  any rights,  benefits  or  remedies of any nature  whatsoever
under or by reason of this Voting Agreement.

     21. Amendment; Waivers. This Voting Agreement shall not be amended, altered
or modified  except by an  instrument  in writing  duly  executed by each of the
parties  hereto.  No delay or  failure  on the part of  either  party  hereto in
exercising  any right,  power or  privilege  under this Voting  Agreement  shall
impair any such right,  power or  privilege  or be  construed as a waiver of any
default or any acquiescence  thereto.  No single or partial exercise of any such
right,  power or privilege  shall  preclude the further  exercise of such right,
power or privilege,  or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.  No
waiver  shall be valid  against  any party  hereto,  unless  made in writing and
signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought,  and then
only to the extent expressly specified therein.

     22.  Additional  Actions and  Documents.  Each of the parties hereto hereby
agrees to take or cause to be taken such further  actions,  to execute,  deliver
and file or cause to be executed, delivered and filed such further documents and
instruments,  and to  obtain  such  consents  as may be  necessary  or as may be
reasonably  requested  in order to fully  effectuate  the  purposes,  terms  and
conditions of this Voting Agreement.

     23. Stockholder  Capacity.  The Stockholder signs solely in its capacity as
the beneficial owner of the Shares, and nothing herein shall limit or affect any
actions  taken  or  omitted  to be  taken  by any  representative,  designee  or
affiliate of the Stockholder in his or her capacity as a director of the Company
including, without limitation, those actions permitted by Section 5.05(e) of the
Merger Agreement.

     24.  Termination.  This Voting Agreement and any Proxy delivered  hereunder
shall  terminate  and shall have no further force or effect as of the earlier to
occur of such time as the (a) Merger shall become  effective in accordance  with
the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, (b) the Merger Agreement shall have
been  modified or amended in violation of Section 8.04 thereof or any  extension
or waiver shall have been granted in violation of Section 8.05  thereof,  or (c)
Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with the terms thereof
(such time being the "Termination Time"). For purposes of this Voting Agreement,
"Term" shall mean the period from the date hereof until the Termination Time.








                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have duly  executed and delivered
this Voting Agreement,  or have caused this Voting Agreement to be duly executed
and delivered in their names and on their  behalf,  as of the date first written
above.


                                    MOTIENT CORPORATION


                                    By:    /s/Walter V. Purnell, Jr.
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Walter V. Purnell, Jr.
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
                                           -------------------------------------



                         APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND IV, L.P.


                                    By:     /s/Andrew Africk
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Name:   Andrew Africk
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Title:  Vice President
                                           -------------------------------------





<PAGE>




                                     ANNEX A

9,733,445                Shares of Company Common Stock
762,909                  Shares of Company Preferred Stock



<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A

                            Form of Irrevocable Proxy


     The  undersigned  Stockholder  of  Rare  Medium  Group,  Inc.,  a  Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), hereby irrevocably (to the fullest extent permitted
by law) appoints and constitutes  Motient  Corporation,  a Delaware  corporation
("Acquiror"),  and Walter v. Purnell, Jr. and David Engvall of Acquiror in their
respective  capacities  as officers of Acquiror,  and any  individual  who shall
hereafter succeed to any such office of Acquiror and each of them  individually,
and any individual  designated in writing by any of them, the attorney and proxy
of the undersigned,  with full power of substitution and resubstitution,  to the
full extent of the  undersigned's  voting  rights with respect to the Shares (as
such  term is  defined  in the  Company  Voting  Agreement  dated as of the date
hereof,  between Acquiror and the undersigned (the "Company Voting  Agreement"))
on the matters  described  below (and on no other matter),  until the earlier to
occur of such time as the (a) Merger (as defined  below) shall become  effective
in  accordance  with the terms and  subject to the  conditions  set forth in the
Merger  Agreement (as defined below),  (b) the Merger  Agreement shall have been
modified or amended in violation  of Section  8.04  thereof or any  extension or
waiver shall have been granted in violation of Section 8.05 thereof,  or (c) the
Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with the terms thereof
(such time being the "Termination  Time").  Upon the execution hereof, all prior
proxies given by the undersigned  with respect to the Shares are hereby revoked,
and the undersigned  agrees that no subsequent  proxy will be given with respect
to the voting of any of the Shares except to the extent that such proxies do not
prevent the voting of this proxy in favor of the matters described below.

     This proxy is irrevocable  (subject to the  termination of the proxy as set
forth in the Company Voting Agreement),  is coupled with an interest, is granted
in connection  with the execution and delivery of the Company Voting  Agreement,
and is granted in consideration of Acquiror entering into the Agreement and Plan
of Merger,  dated as of the date hereof,  between  Acquiror and the Company (the
"Merger Agreement").

     During the period  from the date hereof  until the  Termination  Time,  the
proxy named above (and its successors) will be empowered,  and may exercise this
proxy,  to vote the Shares at any meeting of the  stockholders  of the  Company,
however called,  or in connection with any solicitation of written consents from
stockholders  of the Company,  called or solicited,  as the case may be, for the
purpose  of  voting  on the  Merger  Agreement  and the  transactions  expressly
contemplated  thereby  in favor  of the  approval  and  adoption  of the  Merger
Agreement and the approval of the merger (the  "Merger")  contemplated  thereby,
and in favor of each of the other actions  contemplated by the Merger Agreement.
The undersigned may vote the Shares on all other matters.

     This  proxy  shall be  binding  upon the  representatives,  successors  and
permitted assigns of the undersigned.

     If any  provision  of this proxy or any part of any such  provision is held
under any circumstances to be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then
(a) such provision or part thereof shall, with respect to such circumstances and
in such  jurisdiction,  be deemed amended to conform to applicable laws so as to
be valid and enforceable to the fullest possible  extent,  (b) the invalidity or
unenforceability  of such provision or part thereof under such circumstances and
in such  jurisdiction  shall not affect the validity or  enforceability  of such
provision  or  part  thereof  under  any  other  circumstances  or in any  other
jurisdiction,  and (c) the invalidity or  unenforceability  of such provision or
part thereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of
such provision or the validity or  enforceability of any other provision of this
proxy.  Each provision of this proxy is separable from every other  provision of
this proxy,  and each part of each  provision  of this proxy is  separable  from
every other part of such provision.

     This proxy shall terminate and shall have no further force and effect as of
the Termination Time.


Date:  May 14, 2001                    APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND IV, L.P.


                                       By:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                       Name:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                       Title:
                                              ----------------------------------



                                                     Number of Shares and class
                                                     of Shares owned of record
                                                     as of the date of this
                                                     proxy:
                                                            -------------------


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT B


Amended and Restated Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated as of June 4, 1999,
among Rare Medium  Group,  Inc. and Apollo  Investment  Fund IV, L.P. and Apollo
Overseas  Partners IV, L.P. and AIF IV/RRRR LLC, and any documents,  certificate
or agreements entered into in connection therewith.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-9
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>VOTING AGREEMENT WITH APOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS
<TEXT>

                      COMPANY STOCKHOLDER VOTING AGREEMENT
                       (APOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS IV, L.P.)

     THIS VOTING  AGREEMENT (this "Voting  Agreement") is entered into as of May
14,  2001  by  and  between   Motient   Corporation,   a  Delaware   corporation
("Acquiror"), and the undersigned stockholder (the "Stockholder") of Rare medium
Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").

     WHEREAS,  pursuant to, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in, that certain  Agreement  and Plan of Merger,  dated as of May 14, 2001
(the  "Merger  Agreement"),   by  and  between  Acquiror,  the  Company  and  MR
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware  corporation and a wholly-owned  subsidiary of the
Acquiror ("Merger Sub"), among other things,  Merger Sub will be merged with and
into the Company  (the  "Merger")  and, as a result of the Merger,  the separate
corporate  existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as
the surviving corporation of the Merger; and

     WHEREAS,  in order to induce  Acquiror to enter into the Merger  Agreement,
the  Stockholder  has agreed to execute  and  deliver to  Acquiror  this  Voting
Agreement;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration of the foregoing and for other good and
valuable  consideration,  the  receipt  and  sufficiency  of  which  are  hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

     1.  Definitions.  Capitalized  terms used and not defined herein shall have
the meanings specified in the Merger Agreement.

     2. Voting;  Grant of Proxy and Further  Assurances.  The Stockholder hereby
irrevocably  agrees,  during  the Term (as  defined  below),  to cast all  votes
attributable  to that  number of  shares of  Company  Common  Stock and  Company
Preferred  Stock as set forth on Annex A hereto and any other such shares  which
are beneficially  owned or hereafter  acquired by the Stockholder and over which
the Stockholder has direct or indirect voting power (the "Shares") at any annual
or special meeting of stockholders of the Company, including any adjournments or
postponements  thereof,  or written  consent of  stockholders in lieu thereof (a
"Meeting"),  in favor of the  approval and adoption of the Merger and the Merger
Agreement   and   against   any   Competing   Transaction   for   the   Company.
Contemporaneously  with  the  execution  of  this  Voting  Agreement,   (a)  the
Stockholder  has  delivered  to  Acquiror a proxy in the form  attached  to this
Voting  Agreement as Exhibit A (a "Proxy"),  which shall be  irrevocable  to the
fullest extent permitted by law and to the extent provided therein (but shall be
subject to termination as set forth herein), with respect to the Shares referred
to therein,  and (b) the  Stockholder  has caused to be delivered to Acquiror an
additional  Proxy  executed  on behalf of the  record  owner of any  outstanding
shares of  Company  Common  Stock and  Company  Preferred  Stock  that are owned
beneficially,  but not of record,  by such  Stockholder,  which  Proxy  shall be
irrevocable  to the fullest extent  permitted by law and to the extent  provided
therein (but shall be subject to termination as set forth herein),  with respect
to the Shares referred to therein.  The Stockholder agrees not to enter into any
agreement or  understanding  the effect of which would be  inconsistent  with or
violative of the provisions and agreements  contained in this Voting  Agreement,
including in this Section 2.

     3.  Restrictions  on Transfer;  Non-Interference.  The  Stockholder  hereby
agrees during the Term not to (a) directly or indirectly sell, transfer, pledge,
encumber  (other  than by  operation  of law),  assign or  otherwise  dispose of
(collectively,  "Transfer"),  or  enter  into  any  contract,  option  or  other
arrangement or understanding  with respect to the Transfer of any of the Shares,
except to the  extent (i) such  Transfer  is  approved  in advance in writing by
Acquiror or (ii) the  transferee  of the Shares,  prior to and as a condition to
such Transfer,  executes and delivers to Acquiror an agreement in  substantially
the form of this Voting  Agreement;  (b) grant any  proxies,  deposit any Shares
into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement with respect to any Shares;
or (c) take any action which would have the effect of  preventing  or inhibiting
the Stockholder from performing the Stockholder's  obligations under this Voting
Agreement.

     4. Covenants  with Respect to the Company.  The  Stockholder  hereby agrees
that during the Term,  the  Stockholder  shall not, and shall direct and use its
best  efforts  to  cause  the  Company,   the  Company   Subsidiaries   and  the
Representatives of the Company and the Company  Subsidiaries not to, directly or
indirectly:  (a) initiate,  solicit or encourage (including by way of furnishing
information  or  assistance),  or take  any  other  action  to  facilitate,  any
inquiries or the making of any proposal that  constitutes,  or may reasonably be
expected to lead to, any  Competing  Transaction  for the Company;  or (b) enter
into or participate in any discussions or negotiations with any Person regarding
a  Competing  Transaction  for  the  Company,  or  furnish  to  any  Person  any
information regarding a Competing Transaction for the Company, or take any other
action to  facilitate  or  cooperate  with the making of any inquiry or proposal
regarding a Competing  Transaction  for the Company;  or (c) agree to approve or
endorse any Competing Transaction for the Company.

     5.  Covenants  with  Respect to XMSR  Common  Stock.  During any Short Sale
Prohibition  Period,  the  Stockholder  shall,  and  shall  cause  each  of  its
affiliates  (as such term is defined in the Merger  Agreement)  to,  comply with
Section  16(c) of the Exchange Act with  respect to  transactions  in XM Class A
Stock to the same extent as if Section 16(c) of the Exchange Act, applied by its
terms  to the  Stockholder.  For  purposes  of this  Section  5, a  "Short  Sale
Prohibition  Period"  means the  period of time  commencing  on the date of this
Voting Agreement and ending at the Termination Time (as defined below).

     6.  Additional  Covenants.  The  Stockholder  hereby agrees that during the
Term, the Stockholder shall not (i) convert or otherwise  exchange any shares of
Preferred  Stock of the  Company  held by the  Stockholder  (and any such shares
which are hereafter  acquired by the Stockholder)  into shares of Company Common
Stock,  (ii)  exercise  its rights to purchase  shares of Company  Common  Stock
pursuant  to  any  warrants  to  purchase  Company  Common  Stock  held  by  the
Stockholder  (and  any  such  warrants  which  are  hereafter  acquired  by  the
Stockholder),  or (iii)  purchase  or  otherwise  acquire  any shares of Company
Common Stock.

     7. Waiver of Optional  Redemption  Rights.  The  Stockholder  hereby agrees
during  the Term not to  exercise  any and all of its  rights  under  Section  5
(Optional   Redemption)  of  Article  Fourth  of  the  Restated  Certificate  of
Incorporation of Company,  including without limitation, its right to elect that
the Company redeem shares of Preferred Stock of the Company for cash.

     8. Warrants;  Obligations of New Lenders. The Stockholder  acknowledges and
agrees that the Company Warrants (as defined in the Merger Agreement) held by it
shall be assumed by Acquiror and become  warrants to purchase  Acquiror Series A
Non-Voting  Preferred  Stock in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05 of the
Merger  Agreement.  The  Stockholder  acknowledges  the  obligations  of the New
Lenders (as defined in the Merger  Agreement)  under  Section 2.06 of the Merger
Agreement,  and  subject  to the terms and  conditions  set forth in the  Merger
Agreement,  the  Stockholder  agrees  to  perform,  or  cause it  affiliates  or
designees  to perform,  as the case may be, the  obligations  of the New Lenders
under Section 2.06 of the Merger Agreement.

     9.  Representations  and Warranties of Stockholder.  The Stockholder hereby
represents and warrants to Acquiror as follows: (a) the Stockholder  understands
that the  Discrepancy  Notes and the XM Class A Stock (the "Merger  Securities")
paid to the  Stockholder as Preferred Stock Merger  Consideration  in the Merger
(i) have not been, and will not be prior to the Effective Time, registered under
the  Securities  Act of 1933, as amended (the  "Securities  Act"),  or any state
securities  laws,  (ii) are being offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from
registration   contained   in  the   Securities   Act   based  in  part  on  the
representations  of the Stockholder  contained in this Agreement,  and (iii) the
Merger  Securities may not be sold unless such  disposition is registered  under
the  Securities  Act and  applicable  state  securities  laws or is exempt  from
registration thereunder;  (b) the Stockholder is acquiring the Merger Securities
for its own account, for investment only and not with a view to the distribution
thereof  within the meaning of the  Securities  Act, (c) the  Stockholder  is an
"Accredited  Investor" (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act), and
(d) the  Stockholder  is  domiciled  in the  State of New  York  and the  Merger
Securities were offered and sold to the  Stockholder  solely in the State of New
York.

     10. Termination of Existing  Agreements.  Subject to and effective upon the
consummation  of the Merger,  the  Stockholders  hereby agree to terminate those
agreements with the Company specified on Exhibit B.

     11.  Authorization;  Binding Obligation.  The Stockholder hereby represents
and warrants to Acquiror that (a) the Stockholder has taken all corporate action
necessary to enter into this Voting Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated  hereby,  (b) the Stockholder owns of record and beneficially  good
and  valid  title  to all  of  the  Shares,  free  and  clear  of  any  and  all
Encumbrances, and (c) this Voting Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by the Stockholder and constitutes a legal,  valid and binding obligation of the
Stockholder,   enforceable  in  accordance  with  its  terms,   except  as  such
enforceability  may be subject  to the  effects  of any  applicable  bankruptcy,
insolvency,  fraudulent conveyance,  reorganization,  moratorium or similar Laws
affecting  creditors'  rights  generally  and  subject to the effects of general
equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

     12. No Conflict. The Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Acquiror
that the execution and delivery of this Voting Agreement by the Stockholder does
not, and the  performance  of the  Stockholder's  obligations  under this Voting
Agreement  will not, (a) conflict with or violate the articles of  incorporation
or other similar organizational documents of the Stockholder,  (b) conflict with
or violate any law, statute,  ordinance,  rule,  regulation,  order, judgment or
decree  applicable to the  Stockholder or by which the Stockholder or any of the
Stockholder's properties is bound or affected, which conflict or violation would
adversely  affect  Stockholder's  ability to perform its obligations  under this
Voting Agreement; or (c) result in any Encumbrance on the Shares, other than the
requirements of this Voting Agreement.

     13.  Understanding of this Voting Agreement.  The Stockholder has carefully
read this Voting Agreement and has discussed its requirements, to the extent the
Stockholder believes necessary, with counsel to the Stockholder. The Stockholder
further  understands that the parties to the Merger Agreement will be proceeding
in reliance upon this Voting Agreement.

     14.  Headings.  The headings of the Sections of this Voting  Agreement  are
inserted for  convenience of reference only and do not form a part or affect the
meaning hereof.

     15.  Counterparts.  This Voting  Agreement may be executed in counterparts,
each of which when so executed and  delivered  shall be an original,  but all of
such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

     16. Entire Agreement; Assignment. This Voting Agreement (a) constitutes the
entire  agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and  understandings,  both
written and oral,  among the parties  hereto with respect to the subject  matter
hereof and (b) shall not be assigned by operation of law or otherwise.

     17. Governing Law. This Voting Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in  accordance  with the laws of the  State of  Delaware  without  regard to any
principles of Delaware conflicts of law.

     18.  Specific  Performance.  The  parties  hereto  agree that if any of the
provisions of this Voting  Agreement are not performed in accordance  with their
specific terms or are otherwise  breached,  irreparable  damage would occur,  no
adequate  remedy at law would exist and damages would be difficult to determine,
and that the parties  shall be entitled  to  specific  performance  of the terms
hereof, in addition to any other remedy at law or equity.

     19.  Jurisdiction.  The  parties  hereto  agree  that any  suit,  action or
proceeding  seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter  arising
out  of or in  connection  with,  this  Voting  Agreement  or  the  transactions
contemplated hereby shall be brought in the United States District Court for the
District of Delaware or any Delaware State court sitting in Wilmington, Delaware
having subject matter  jurisdiction,  and each of the parties hereby consents to
the  exclusive  jurisdiction  of such courts (and of the  appropriate  appellate
courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives,
to the  fullest  extent  permitted  by law,  any  objection  which it may now or
hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding
in any such court or that any such suit,  action or proceeding  which is brought
in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such
suit,  action or  proceeding  may be served on any party  anywhere in the world,
whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court.

     20. Parties in Interest.  This Voting  Agreement  shall be binding upon and
inure  solely to the  benefit of each party  hereto,  and nothing in this Voting
Agreement,  express or implied,  is  intended to or shall  confer upon any other
person or persons  any rights,  benefits  or  remedies of any nature  whatsoever
under or by reason of this Voting Agreement.

     21. Amendment; Waivers. This Voting Agreement shall not be amended, altered
or modified  except by an  instrument  in writing  duly  executed by each of the
parties  hereto.  No delay or  failure  on the part of  either  party  hereto in
exercising  any right,  power or  privilege  under this Voting  Agreement  shall
impair any such right,  power or  privilege  or be  construed as a waiver of any
default or any acquiescence  thereto.  No single or partial exercise of any such
right,  power or privilege  shall  preclude the further  exercise of such right,
power or privilege,  or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.  No
waiver  shall be valid  against  any party  hereto,  unless  made in writing and
signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought,  and then
only to the extent expressly specified therein.

     22.  Additional  Actions and  Documents.  Each of the parties hereto hereby
agrees to take or cause to be taken such further  actions,  to execute,  deliver
and file or cause to be executed, delivered and filed such further documents and
instruments,  and to  obtain  such  consents  as may be  necessary  or as may be
reasonably  requested  in order to fully  effectuate  the  purposes,  terms  and
conditions of this Voting Agreement.

     23. Stockholder  Capacity.  The Stockholder signs solely in its capacity as
the beneficial owner of the Shares, and nothing herein shall limit or affect any
actions  taken  or  omitted  to be  taken  by any  representative,  designee  or
affiliate of the Stockholder in his or her capacity as a director of the Company
including, without limitation, those actions permitted by Section 5.05(e) of the
Merger Agreement.

     24.  Termination.  This Voting Agreement and any Proxy delivered  hereunder
shall  terminate  and shall have no further force or effect as of the earlier to
occur of such time as the (a) Merger shall become  effective in accordance  with
the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, (b) the Merger Agreement shall have
been  modified or amended in violation of Section 8.04 thereof or any  extension
or waiver shall have been granted in violation of Section 8.05  thereof,  or (c)
Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with the terms thereof
(such time being the "Termination Time"). For purposes of this Voting Agreement,
"Term" shall mean the period from the date hereof until the Termination Time.







                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have duly  executed and delivered
this Voting Agreement,  or have caused this Voting Agreement to be duly executed
and delivered in their names and on their  behalf,  as of the date first written
above.

                                    MOTIENT CORPORATION


                                    By:    /s/Walter V. Purnell, Jr.
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Walter V. Purnell, Jr.
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
                                           -------------------------------------



                                    APOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS IV, L.P.


                                    By:     /s/Andrew Africk
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Name:   Andrew Africk
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Title:  Vice President
                                           -------------------------------------





<PAGE>


                                     ANNEX A


522,009                  Shares of Company Common Stock
40,914                   Shares of Company Preferred Stock




<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A

                            Form of Irrevocable Proxy


     The  undersigned  Stockholder  of  Rare  Medium  Group,  Inc.,  a  Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), hereby irrevocably (to the fullest extent permitted
by law) appoints and constitutes  Motient  Corporation,  a Delaware  corporation
("Acquiror"),  and Walter V. Purnell, Jr. and David Engvall of Acquiror in their
respective  capacities  as officers of Acquiror,  and any  individual  who shall
hereafter succeed to any such office of Acquiror and each of them  individually,
and any individual  designated in writing by any of them, the attorney and proxy
of the undersigned,  with full power of substitution and resubstitution,  to the
full extent of the  undersigned's  voting  rights with respect to the Shares (as
such  term is  defined  in the  Company  Voting  Agreement  dated as of the date
hereof,  between Acquiror and the undersigned (the "Company Voting  Agreement"))
on the matters  described  below (and on no other matter),  until the earlier to
occur of such time as the (a) Merger (as defined  below) shall become  effective
in  accordance  with the terms and  subject to the  conditions  set forth in the
Merger  Agreement (as defined below),  (b) the Merger  Agreement shall have been
modified or amended in violation  of Section  8.04  thereof or any  extension or
waiver shall have been granted in violation of Section 8.05 thereof,  or (c) the
Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with the terms thereof
(such time being the "Termination  Time").  Upon the execution hereof, all prior
proxies given by the undersigned  with respect to the Shares are hereby revoked,
and the undersigned  agrees that no subsequent  proxy will be given with respect
to the voting of any of the Shares except to the extent that such proxies do not
prevent the voting of this proxy in favor of the matters described below.

     This proxy is irrevocable  (subject to the  termination of the proxy as set
forth in the Company Voting Agreement),  is coupled with an interest, is granted
in connection  with the execution and delivery of the Company Voting  Agreement,
and is granted in consideration of Acquiror entering into the Agreement and Plan
of Merger,  dated as of the date hereof,  between  Acquiror and the Company (the
"Merger Agreement").

     During the period  from the date hereof  until the  Termination  Time,  the
proxy named above (and its successors) will be empowered,  and may exercise this
proxy,  to vote the Shares at any meeting of the  stockholders  of the  Company,
however called,  or in connection with any solicitation of written consents from
stockholders  of the Company,  called or solicited,  as the case may be, for the
purpose  of  voting  on the  Merger  Agreement  and the  transactions  expressly
contemplated  thereby  in favor  of the  approval  and  adoption  of the  Merger
Agreement and the approval of the merger (the  "Merger")  contemplated  thereby,
and in favor of each of the other actions  contemplated by the Merger Agreement.
The undersigned may vote the Shares on all other matters.

     This  proxy  shall be  binding  upon the  representatives,  successors  and
permitted assigns of the undersigned.

     If any  provision  of this proxy or any part of any such  provision is held
under any circumstances to be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then
(a) such provision or part thereof shall, with respect to such circumstances and
in such  jurisdiction,  be deemed amended to conform to applicable laws so as to
be valid and enforceable to the fullest possible  extent,  (b) the invalidity or
unenforceability  of such provision or part thereof under such circumstances and
in such  jurisdiction  shall not affect the validity or  enforceability  of such
provision  or  part  thereof  under  any  other  circumstances  or in any  other
jurisdiction,  and (c) the invalidity or  unenforceability  of such provision or
part thereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of
such provision or the validity or  enforceability of any other provision of this
proxy.  Each provision of this proxy is separable from every other  provision of
this proxy,  and each part of each  provision  of this proxy is  separable  from
every other part of such provision.

     This proxy shall terminate and shall have no further force and effect as of
the Termination Time.


Date:    May 14, 2001                 APOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS IV, L.P.


                                      By:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                      Name:
                                            -----------------------------------
                                      Title:
                                            -----------------------------------



                                       Number of Shares and class of
                                       Shares owned of record as of
                                       the date of this proxy:
                                                              -----------------





<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT B


Amended and Restated Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated as of June 4, 1999,
among Rare Medium  Group,  Inc. and Apollo  Investment  Fund IV, L.P. and Apollo
Overseas  Partners IV, L.P. and AIF IV/RRRR LLC, and any documents,  certificate
or agreements entered into in connection therewith.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-9
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>VOTING AGREEMENT WITH AIF IV/RRRR
<TEXT>

                      COMPANY STOCKHOLDER VOTING AGREEMENT
                              (AIF IV/RRRR L.L.C.)

     THIS VOTING  AGREEMENT (this "Voting  Agreement") is entered into as of May
14,  2001  by  and  between   Motient   Corporation,   a  Delaware   corporation
("Acquiror"), and the undersigned stockholder (the "Stockholder") of Rare medium
Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").

     WHEREAS,  pursuant to, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in, that certain  Agreement  and Plan of Merger,  dated as of May 14, 2001
(the  "Merger  Agreement"),   by  and  between  Acquiror,  the  Company  and  MR
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware  corporation and a wholly-owned  subsidiary of the
Acquiror ("Merger Sub"), among other things,  Merger Sub will be merged with and
into the Company  (the  "Merger")  and, as a result of the Merger,  the separate
corporate  existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as
the surviving corporation of the Merger; and

     WHEREAS,  in order to induce  Acquiror to enter into the Merger  Agreement,
the  Stockholder  has agreed to execute  and  deliver to  Acquiror  this  Voting
Agreement;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration of the foregoing and for other good and
valuable  consideration,  the  receipt  and  sufficiency  of  which  are  hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

     1.  Definitions.  Capitalized  terms used and not defined herein shall have
the meanings specified in the Merger Agreement.

     2. Voting;  Grant of Proxy and Further  Assurances.  The Stockholder hereby
irrevocably  agrees,  during  the Term (as  defined  below),  to cast all  votes
attributable  to that  number of  shares of  Company  Common  Stock and  Company
Preferred  Stock as set forth on Annex A hereto and any other such shares  which
are beneficially  owned or hereafter  acquired by the Stockholder and over which
the Stockholder has direct or indirect voting power (the "Shares") at any annual
or special meeting of stockholders of the Company, including any adjournments or
postponements  thereof,  or written  consent of  stockholders in lieu thereof (a
"Meeting"),  in favor of the  approval and adoption of the Merger and the Merger
Agreement   and   against   any   Competing   Transaction   for   the   Company.
Contemporaneously  with  the  execution  of  this  Voting  Agreement,   (a)  the
Stockholder  has  delivered  to  Acquiror a proxy in the form  attached  to this
Voting  Agreement as Exhibit A (a "Proxy"),  which shall be  irrevocable  to the
fullest extent permitted by law and to the extent provided therein (but shall be
subject to termination as set forth herein), with respect to the Shares referred
to therein,  and (b) the  Stockholder  has caused to be delivered to Acquiror an
additional  Proxy  executed  on behalf of the  record  owner of any  outstanding
shares of  Company  Common  Stock and  Company  Preferred  Stock  that are owned
beneficially,  but not of record,  by such  Stockholder,  which  Proxy  shall be
irrevocable  to the fullest extent  permitted by law and to the extent  provided
therein (but shall be subject to termination as set forth herein),  with respect
to the Shares referred to therein.  The Stockholder agrees not to enter into any
agreement or  understanding  the effect of which would be  inconsistent  with or
violative of the provisions and agreements  contained in this Voting  Agreement,
including in this Section 2.

     3.  Restrictions  on Transfer;  Non-Interference.  The  Stockholder  hereby
agrees during the Term not to (a) directly or indirectly sell, transfer, pledge,
encumber  (other  than by  operation  of law),  assign or  otherwise  dispose of
(collectively,  "Transfer"),  or  enter  into  any  contract,  option  or  other
arrangement or understanding  with respect to the Transfer of any of the Shares,
except to the  extent (i) such  Transfer  is  approved  in advance in writing by
Acquiror or (ii) the  transferee  of the Shares,  prior to and as a condition to
such Transfer,  executes and delivers to Acquiror an agreement in  substantially
the form of this Voting  Agreement;  (b) grant any  proxies,  deposit any Shares
into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement with respect to any Shares;
or (c) take any action which would have the effect of  preventing  or inhibiting
the Stockholder from performing the Stockholder's  obligations under this Voting
Agreement.

     4. Covenants  with Respect to the Company.  The  Stockholder  hereby agrees
that during the Term,  the  Stockholder  shall not, and shall direct and use its
best  efforts  to  cause  the  Company,   the  Company   Subsidiaries   and  the
Representatives of the Company and the Company  Subsidiaries not to, directly or
indirectly:  (a) initiate,  solicit or encourage (including by way of furnishing
information  or  assistance),  or take  any  other  action  to  facilitate,  any
inquiries or the making of any proposal that  constitutes,  or may reasonably be
expected to lead to, any  Competing  Transaction  for the Company;  or (b) enter
into or participate in any discussions or negotiations with any Person regarding
a  Competing  Transaction  for  the  Company,  or  furnish  to  any  Person  any
information regarding a Competing Transaction for the Company, or take any other
action to  facilitate  or  cooperate  with the making of any inquiry or proposal
regarding a Competing  Transaction  for the Company;  or (c) agree to approve or
endorse any Competing Transaction for the Company.

     5.  Covenants  with  Respect to XMSR  Common  Stock.  During any Short Sale
Prohibition  Period,  the  Stockholder  shall,  and  shall  cause  each  of  its
affiliates  (as such term is defined in the Merger  Agreement)  to,  comply with
Section  16(c) of the Exchange Act with  respect to  transactions  in XM Class A
Stock to the same extent as if Section 16(c) of the Exchange Act, applied by its
terms  to the  Stockholder.  For  purposes  of this  Section  5, a  "Short  Sale
Prohibition  Period"  means the  period of time  commencing  on the date of this
Voting Agreement and ending at the Termination Time (as defined below).

     6.  Additional  Covenants.  The  Stockholder  hereby agrees that during the
Term, the Stockholder shall not (i) convert or otherwise  exchange any shares of
Preferred  Stock of the  Company  held by the  Stockholder  (and any such shares
which are hereafter  acquired by the Stockholder)  into shares of Company Common
Stock,  (ii)  exercise  its rights to purchase  shares of Company  Common  Stock
pursuant  to  any  warrants  to  purchase  Company  Common  Stock  held  by  the
Stockholder  (and  any  such  warrants  which  are  hereafter  acquired  by  the
Stockholder),  or (iii)  purchase  or  otherwise  acquire  any shares of Company
Common Stock.

     7. Waiver of Optional  Redemption  Rights.  The  Stockholder  hereby agrees
during  the Term not to  exercise  any and all of its  rights  under  Section  5
(Optional   Redemption)  of  Article  Fourth  of  the  Restated  Certificate  of
Incorporation of Company,  including without limitation, its right to elect that
the Company redeem shares of Preferred Stock of the Company for cash.

     8. Warrants;  Obligations of New Lenders. The Stockholder  acknowledges and
agrees that the Company Warrants (as defined in the Merger Agreement) held by it
shall be assumed by Acquiror and become  warrants to purchase  Acquiror Series A
Non-Voting  Preferred  Stock in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05 of the
Merger  Agreement.  The  Stockholder  acknowledges  the  obligations  of the New
Lenders (as defined in the Merger  Agreement)  under  Section 2.06 of the Merger
Agreement,  and  subject  to the terms and  conditions  set forth in the  Merger
Agreement,  the  Stockholder  agrees  to  perform,  or  cause it  affiliates  or
designees  to perform,  as the case may be, the  obligations  of the New Lenders
under Section 2.06 of the Merger Agreement.

     9.  Representations  and Warranties of Stockholder.  The Stockholder hereby
represents and warrants to Acquiror as follows: (a) the Stockholder  understands
that the  Discrepancy  Notes and the XM Class A Stock (the "Merger  Securities")
paid to the  Stockholder as Preferred Stock Merger  Consideration  in the Merger
(i) have not been, and will not be prior to the Effective Time, registered under
the  Securities  Act of 1933, as amended (the  "Securities  Act"),  or any state
securities  laws,  (ii) are being offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from
registration   contained   in  the   Securities   Act   based  in  part  on  the
representations  of the Stockholder  contained in this Agreement,  and (iii) the
Merger  Securities may not be sold unless such  disposition is registered  under
the  Securities  Act and  applicable  state  securities  laws or is exempt  from
registration thereunder;  (b) the Stockholder is acquiring the Merger Securities
for its own account, for investment only and not with a view to the distribution
thereof  within the meaning of the  Securities  Act, (c) the  Stockholder  is an
"Accredited  Investor" (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act), and
(d) the  Stockholder  is  domiciled  in the  State of New  York  and the  Merger
Securities were offered and sold to the  Stockholder  solely in the State of New
York.

     10. Termination of Existing  Agreements.  Subject to and effective upon the
consummation  of the Merger,  the  Stockholders  hereby agree to terminate those
agreements with the Company specified on Exhibit B.


     11.  Authorization;  Binding Obligation.  The Stockholder hereby represents
and warrants to Acquiror that (a) the Stockholder has taken all corporate action
necessary to enter into this Voting Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated  hereby,  (b) the Stockholder owns of record and beneficially  good
and  valid  title  to all  of  the  Shares,  free  and  clear  of  any  and  all
Encumbrances, and (c) this Voting Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by the Stockholder and constitutes a legal,  valid and binding obligation of the
Stockholder,   enforceable  in  accordance  with  its  terms,   except  as  such
enforceability  may be subject  to the  effects  of any  applicable  bankruptcy,
insolvency,  fraudulent conveyance,  reorganization,  moratorium or similar Laws
affecting  creditors'  rights  generally  and  subject to the effects of general
equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

     12. No Conflict. The Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Acquiror
that the execution and delivery of this Voting Agreement by the Stockholder does
not, and the  performance  of the  Stockholder's  obligations  under this Voting
Agreement  will not, (a) conflict with or violate the articles of  incorporation
or other similar organizational documents of the Stockholder,  (b) conflict with
or violate any law, statute,  ordinance,  rule,  regulation,  order, judgment or
decree  applicable to the  Stockholder or by which the Stockholder or any of the
Stockholder's properties is bound or affected, which conflict or violation would
adversely  affect  Stockholder's  ability to perform its obligations  under this
Voting Agreement; or (c) result in any Encumbrance on the Shares, other than the
requirements of this Voting Agreement.

     13.  Understanding of this Voting Agreement.  The Stockholder has carefully
read this Voting Agreement and has discussed its requirements, to the extent the
Stockholder believes necessary, with counsel to the Stockholder. The Stockholder
further  understands that the parties to the Merger Agreement will be proceeding
in reliance upon this Voting Agreement.

     14.  Headings.  The headings of the Sections of this Voting  Agreement  are
inserted for  convenience of reference only and do not form a part or affect the
meaning hereof.

     15.  Counterparts.  This Voting  Agreement may be executed in counterparts,
each of which when so executed and  delivered  shall be an original,  but all of
such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

     16. Entire Agreement; Assignment. This Voting Agreement (a) constitutes the
entire  agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and  understandings,  both
written and oral,  among the parties  hereto with respect to the subject  matter
hereof and (b) shall not be assigned by operation of law or otherwise.

     17. Governing Law. This Voting Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in  accordance  with the laws of the  State of  Delaware  without  regard to any
principles of Delaware conflicts of law.

     18.  Specific  Performance.  The  parties  hereto  agree that if any of the
provisions of this Voting  Agreement are not performed in accordance  with their
specific terms or are otherwise  breached,  irreparable  damage would occur,  no
adequate  remedy at law would exist and damages would be difficult to determine,
and that the parties  shall be entitled  to  specific  performance  of the terms
hereof, in addition to any other remedy at law or equity.

     19.  Jurisdiction.  The  parties  hereto  agree  that any  suit,  action or
proceeding  seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter  arising
out  of or in  connection  with,  this  Voting  Agreement  or  the  transactions
contemplated hereby shall be brought in the United States District Court for the
District of Delaware or any Delaware State court sitting in Wilmington, Delaware
having subject matter  jurisdiction,  and each of the parties hereby consents to
the  exclusive  jurisdiction  of such courts (and of the  appropriate  appellate
courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives,
to the  fullest  extent  permitted  by law,  any  objection  which it may now or
hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding
in any such court or that any such suit,  action or proceeding  which is brought
in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such
suit,  action or  proceeding  may be served on any party  anywhere in the world,
whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court.

     20. Parties in Interest.  This Voting  Agreement  shall be binding upon and
inure  solely to the  benefit of each party  hereto,  and nothing in this Voting
Agreement,  express or implied,  is  intended to or shall  confer upon any other
person or persons  any rights,  benefits  or  remedies of any nature  whatsoever
under or by reason of this Voting Agreement.

     21. Amendment; Waivers. This Voting Agreement shall not be amended, altered
or modified  except by an  instrument  in writing  duly  executed by each of the
parties  hereto.  No delay or  failure  on the part of  either  party  hereto in
exercising  any right,  power or  privilege  under this Voting  Agreement  shall
impair any such right,  power or  privilege  or be  construed as a waiver of any
default or any acquiescence  thereto.  No single or partial exercise of any such
right,  power or privilege  shall  preclude the further  exercise of such right,
power or privilege,  or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.  No
waiver  shall be valid  against  any party  hereto,  unless  made in writing and
signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought,  and then
only to the extent expressly specified therein.

     22.  Additional  Actions and  Documents.  Each of the parties hereto hereby
agrees to take or cause to be taken such further  actions,  to execute,  deliver
and file or cause to be executed, delivered and filed such further documents and
instruments,  and to  obtain  such  consents  as may be  necessary  or as may be
reasonably  requested  in order to fully  effectuate  the  purposes,  terms  and
conditions of this Voting Agreement.

     23. Stockholder  Capacity.  The Stockholder signs solely in its capacity as
the beneficial owner of the Shares, and nothing herein shall limit or affect any
actions  taken  or  omitted  to be  taken  by any  representative,  designee  or
affiliate of the Stockholder in his or her capacity as a director of the Company
including, without limitation, those actions permitted by Section 5.05(e) of the
Merger Agreement.

     24.  Termination.  This Voting Agreement and any Proxy delivered  hereunder
shall  terminate  and shall have no further force or effect as of the earlier to
occur of such time as the (a) Merger shall become  effective in accordance  with
the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, (b) the Merger Agreement shall have
been  modified or amended in violation of Section 8.04 thereof or any  extension
or waiver shall have been granted in violation of Section 8.05  thereof,  or (c)
Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with the terms thereof
(such time being the "Termination Time"). For purposes of this Voting Agreement,
"Term" shall mean the period from the date hereof until the Termination Time.







                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have duly  executed and delivered
this Voting Agreement,  or have caused this Voting Agreement to be duly executed
and delivered in their names and on their  behalf,  as of the date first written
above.


                                    MOTIENT CORPORATION


                                    By:    /s/Walter V. Purnell, Jr.
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Walter V. Purnell, Jr.
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
                                           -------------------------------------



                                    AIF IV/RRRR L.L.C.


                                    By:    /s/Andrew Africk
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Andrew Africk
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Title: Vice President
                                           -------------------------------------





<PAGE>




                                     ANNEX A


2,454,045                Shares of Company Preferred Stock
192,348                  Shares of Company Preferred Stock




<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A

                            Form of Irrevocable Proxy


     The  undersigned  Stockholder  of  Rare  Medium  Group,  Inc.,  a  Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), hereby irrevocably (to the fullest extent permitted
by law) appoints and constitutes  Motient  Corporation,  a Delaware  corporation
("Acquiror"),  and Walter v. Purnell, Jr. and David Engvall of Acquiror in their
respective  capacities  as officers of Acquiror,  and any  individual  who shall
hereafter succeed to any such office of Acquiror and each of them  individually,
and any individual  designated in writing by any of them, the attorney and proxy
of the undersigned,  with full power of substitution and resubstitution,  to the
full extent of the  undersigned's  voting  rights with respect to the Shares (as
such  term is  defined  in the  Company  Voting  Agreement  dated as of the date
hereof,  between Acquiror and the undersigned (the "Company Voting  Agreement"))
on the matters  described  below (and on no other matter),  until the earlier to
occur of such time as the (a) Merger (as defined  below) shall become  effective
in  accordance  with the terms and  subject to the  conditions  set forth in the
Merger  Agreement (as defined below),  (b) the Merger  Agreement shall have been
modified or amended in violation  of Section  8.04  thereof or any  extension or
waiver shall have been granted in violation of Section 8.05 thereof,  or (c) the
Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with the terms thereof
(such time being the "Termination  Time").  Upon the execution hereof, all prior
proxies given by the undersigned  with respect to the Shares are hereby revoked,
and the undersigned  agrees that no subsequent  proxy will be given with respect
to the voting of any of the Shares except to the extent that such proxies do not
prevent the voting of this proxy in favor of the matters described below.

     This proxy is irrevocable  (subject to the  termination of the proxy as set
forth in the Company Voting Agreement),  is coupled with an interest, is granted
in connection  with the execution and delivery of the Company Voting  Agreement,
and is granted in consideration of Acquiror entering into the Agreement and Plan
of Merger,  dated as of the date hereof,  between  Acquiror and the Company (the
"Merger Agreement").

     During the period  from the date hereof  until the  Termination  Time,  the
proxy named above (and its successors) will be empowered,  and may exercise this
proxy,  to vote the Shares at any meeting of the  stockholders  of the  Company,
however called,  or in connection with any solicitation of written consents from
stockholders  of the Company,  called or solicited,  as the case may be, for the
purpose  of  voting  on the  Merger  Agreement  and the  transactions  expressly
contemplated  thereby  in favor  of the  approval  and  adoption  of the  Merger
Agreement and the approval of the merger (the  "Merger")  contemplated  thereby,
and in favor of each of the other actions  contemplated by the Merger Agreement.
The undersigned may vote the Shares on all other matters.

     This  proxy  shall be  binding  upon the  representatives,  successors  and
permitted assigns of the undersigned.

     If any  provision  of this proxy or any part of any such  provision is held
under any circumstances to be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then
(a) such provision or part thereof shall, with respect to such circumstances and
in such  jurisdiction,  be deemed amended to conform to applicable laws so as to
be valid and enforceable to the fullest possible  extent,  (b) the invalidity or
unenforceability  of such provision or part thereof under such circumstances and
in such  jurisdiction  shall not affect the validity or  enforceability  of such
provision  or  part  thereof  under  any  other  circumstances  or in any  other
jurisdiction,  and (c) the invalidity or  unenforceability  of such provision or
part thereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of
such provision or the validity or  enforceability of any other provision of this
proxy.  Each provision of this proxy is separable from every other  provision of
this proxy,  and each part of each  provision  of this proxy is  separable  from
every other part of such provision.

     This proxy shall terminate and shall have no further force and effect as of
the Termination Time.


Date:  May 14, 2001               AIF IV/RRRR L.L.C.


                                  By:
                                         --------------------------------------
                                  Name:
                                         --------------------------------------
                                  Title:
                                         --------------------------------------



                                  Number of Shares and class
                                  of Shares owned of record
                                  as of the date of this
                                  proxy:
                                          -------------------



<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT B


Amended and Restated Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  dated as of June 4, 1999,
among Rare Medium  Group,  Inc. and Apollo  Investment  Fund IV, L.P. and Apollo
Overseas  Partners IV, L.P. and AIF IV/RRRR LLC, and any documents,  certificate
or agreements entered into in connection therewith.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
